# Go-Rest-Kafka-Mongo

See [website](https://adaickalavan.github.io/portfolio/) for information.


Volumes are stored in a part of the host filesystem which is managed by Docker (/var/lib/docker/volumes/ on Linux). Non-Docker processes should not modify this part of the filesystem. Volumes are the best way to persist data in Docker.

Volumes: Created and managed by Docker. You can create a volume explicitly using the `docker volume create` command, or Docker can create a volume during container or service creation.

When you create a volume, it is stored within a directory on the Docker host. When you mount the volume into a container, this directory is what is mounted into the container. volumes are managed by Docker and are isolated from the core functionality of the host machine.

A given volume can be mounted into multiple containers simultaneously. When no running container is using a volume, the volume is still available to Docker and is not removed automatically. You can remove unused volumes using `docker volume prune`.

When you mount a volume, it may be named or anonymous. Anonymous volumes are not given an explicit name when they are first mounted into a container, so Docker gives them a random name that is guaranteed to be unique within a given Docker host.  
 

In addition, volumes are often a better choice than persisting data in a container’s writable layer, because a volume does not increase the size of the containers using it, and the volume’s contents exist outside the lifecycle of a given container.

Volumes are the preferred mechanism for persisting data generated by and used by Docker containers. 

List volumes:

$ docker volume ls

